The most important is
the balance of the body,
it's the legs and hips.
Balancing our body with
strong legs and hips
leads to accurate attacks
and solid defense.
First, a training to withstand
under the waterfall.
I'm gonna die!
Next, carry three logs.
So thick.
Lastly, push and move
this boulder one cho.
(One cho is about 109 meters)
My training consists of just
these three simple tasks.
Burning you with fire from below
is dangerous, so we'll skip that.
Uhh... Sorry!
Zenitsu passed out!
Put him in the river.
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
(Episode 6: The Strongest in
the Demon Slayer Corps)
It's so cold!
The river in winter is way too cold!
I could die!
I feel like throwing up!
- Zenitsu!
- Land! Land!
My inside organs hurt!
They're screaming!
They're saying I'm going to die!
It's no use!
It's too late even if I get out
of the water! I'm gonna freeze to death!
Long time no see, you both.
Here, stick to the rocks.
They're warm.
It's... so warm.
Are rocks this warm?
It feels like being in my mother's arms.
Mommy!
So cold. This is harsh.
Waterfall training is brutal.
Boar Rush. Boar Rush.
- Namu Amida... I can't!
- Boar Rush. Boar Rush.
Even Inosuke is doing his best.
I must not lose.
His chant stopped?
Huh? Inosuke?!
Oh no! This is bad!
Inosuke! Wake up, Inosuke!
Come back alive!
Inosuke, please get up!
You called, Manjiro?
Inosuke!
Boar Rush...
This waterfall...
...is really something else.
Keep chanting Nembutsu
without stopping.
It's to help you stay focused,
but also to signal that
you're still conscious.
Okay.
Namu Amida Butsu.
The water is cold, and it hits hard.
I must not keep quiet.
Nembutsu... Nembutsu...
- Namu Amida Butsu...
- Nembutsu... Nembutsu...
Nembutsu... Nembutsu...
So cold!
Just getting hit by the waterfall
felt really painful.
I never thought water falling from
such a height could be so heavy.
If I relax my body,
it feels like my neck might break.
No, no. You and that Boar Head
are amazing.
It me took until evening to get used to
under the waterfall on my first day.
It's not easy to get
accustomed to the water.
Since I've managed to withstand
being hit by the waterfall,
I'm moving on to carrying the logs.
Wow... You're incredible, Murata.
Well... I've been here for ten days.
That Prayer Beads-Rattling Guy
is amazing.
That's the Stone Hashira,
his name is Himejima.
Don't give him strange nicknames.
I was startled when
the first time I met him.
You eat the bones too, Inosuke?
Yeah. You don't?
They're crunchy and delicious.
Wow!
Among all the people I know,
you eat fish the cleanest.
I'm King of The Mountains after all!
I'm the best at everything!
That's natural!
You still want to eat?
You're already on your tenth.
About that Prayer Beads-Rattling Guy.
Himejima the Stone Hashira, remember?
Without a doubt, he is the strongest
in the Demon Slayer Corps.
Oh, you think so too?
- Huh?
- Is that so?
Himejima smells completely
different from the others.
I wonder if he's already
manifested his mark.
If he did, I wouldn't be surprised.
I can't keep up with the talk of people
who rise in rank in such a short time.
Normally, you wouldn't understand that.
They're on a different level.
Also, Tanjiro's grilled fish is delicious.
I don't believe it.
I bet that Old Guy can't even
move the boulder one cho.
He's just enjoying bullying
the newcomers.
You're wrong. Himejima can push
an even bigger boulder than that.
You believe everything you're told?
You're being deceived.
Of course not.
You have good hearing.
You should be able to tell if
someone's lying or not, right?
Namu Amida Butsu.
Oh, he's here.
Himejima is really amazing!
Can I become like him?
No way in hell!
Are you dumb?!
Hello?! Is your head okay?!
That Old Guy is abnormal!
He's huge like a bear, to begin with!
Well, but...
Shut up!
There's a natural gap between
giants and dwarfs!
You know what I mean!
Now I'm full.
After carrying the logs,
I'm gonna push the boulder.
Dang! Why are you so positive?!
There's no place for me!
Calm down.
Here I go!
- Nembutsu! Nembutsu! Nembutsu!
- Namu Amida Butsu! Namu Amida Butsu!
- Zenitsu!
- Namu Amida Bu—
Zenitsu!
Namu Amida Butsu! Namu Amida Butsu!
Namu Amida Bu—
Waterfall training, complete.
Carrying the logs, complete.
Finally, the last one...
(Four)
I found another one.
Now I've located about sixty percent
of the demon hunters.
But I haven't found the girl
who overcame the sun.
Nakime, you've grown more
than I thought.
How wonderful.
Nakime, you've grown more
than I thought.
How wonderful.
It is an honor.
Next, let's see...
Check around here.
As you wish.
Found more of them.
Keep tailing them.
As you wish.
I will find Nezuko and Ubuyashiki soon.
My feet keep sliding back!
I can't push the boulder!
Ouch...
I guess I'll back to get this fixed.
Good morning!
Oh, Kamado.
We're going to get down off the mountain
We just can't keep up.
Sorry. It pains our hearts to
withdraw from here, but...
But we'll provide backup support
for you from behind
We're counting on you, Kamado.
Okay, then.
I'm counting on you as well.
Huh? You count on us?
If you all support us from behind,
we can focus on fighting the demons.
Let's use the strength of all the Corps
to sever Muzan Kibutsuji's head!
Got it. Leave the rear to us.
Roger that, Kamado.
You can count on us.
And I have my own duty.
Wow!
Tanjiro, you're really good
at making onigiris.
Totally! They're perfectly triangular.
I've put in extra salt because
we've been training so hard.
Thanks for waiting, everyone.
Enjoy!
So delicious!
It really hits the spot.
Yup, it's tasty.
I realized something during this training.
About the reason why most of the
current Hashiras don't have Tsugukos.
And why is that?
I think I figured it out too.
It's too harsh, so everyone runs away.
Yeah.
For example, look at that Blonde Guy.
His spirit broke because got crushed by
the difference in ability with the Hashiras.
The Hashira can handle things
like this as if it's nothing.
They're truly amazing.
I agree.
You're really good at cooking rice,
aren't you?
It's delicious!
True, and good at grilling fish too.
I'm the son of a
charcoal burner after all.
That makes sense!
Cooking is all about
controlling the heat.
Grilled onigiris are also delicious.
Nice job, Tanjiro.
Eat as much as you like.
The taste is even more perfect
thanks to the miso sauce.
It's making me tear up.
I get it.
It's like it was made by Mom.
Yeah, yeah.
Mother!
Mom!
It feels...
...a bit nostalgic.
Wa... Water...
I couldn't do it today either.
It's already the sixth day.
What should I do?
We don't know how long
the demons will stay quiet.
I need to hurry.
Is it because I lack physical strength?
Or is there another breathing method?
I've been training a lot,
but I still can't maintain the mark.
Is the mark on your forehead
getting darker?
Genya?! How are you?
After that incident, I was worried
because I couldn't get in touch with you.
I was on house arrest.
I got scolded by Himejima.
Even though I was told not to meet
my brother, things ended up like that.
I see.
Sorry for getting you involved.
And thanks for protecting me.
No need to.
Anyway, about your mark.
Oh! You said it's getting darker?
Yup.
No one told me.
From people who see you every day,
no wonder they didn't notice it.
Do you have a mirror?
No.
I'll lend you mine later.
Is it really getting darker?
It's great then. I'm glad.
Go die!
Hmph. No, you!
You're training to push the boulder?
I'm doing it too.
But I can't move it at all.
Have you moved it?
Yeah, a bit.
Huh?!
Are you guys doing Repetitive Action?
What?
I see, you aren't.
That's because Himejima
isn't good at teaching.
You have to watch him carefully
and learn his skills from it.
To heighten concentration
to the utmost limit,
you must perform
predetermined actions in advance.
In my case, I chant Nembutsu.
Himejima does the same!
Right! He always mutters,
"Namu Namu", right?
Namu...
Adios!
Don't come again!
See ya!
Thank you, Genya.
I'll try that.
Don't push yourself too hard.
Even if I say that,
he's not the type to listen.
Let's try it once more.
Repetitive Action.
Remember what Genya said.
Doing it will open all of your senses.
According to Himejima, even though
I can't use breathing techniques,
if I use Repetitive Action,
I can move the boulder.
But still, I still have a long way to go.
When they use this technique,
Himejima and Genya recall
memories of anger and pain.
It increases their heart rate
and body temperature.
Damn it. Still can't move it.
Tanjiro!
Hurry up and make dinner!
We already tasted yours,
we won't be able to eat anyone else's.
Is it already dinner time?
I'll be there.
Yo! Our mother!
Our mother!
Welcome back, Genya.
I'll help you.
Thank you.
How was it?
Were you able to do Repetitive Action?
It feels different from Total Concentration.
It's like to stir up emotions.
Yeah.
But I was thinking,
maybe your forehead mark
is in a similar condition.
But, Genya, Himejima and you
don't have marks like mine.
That's true.
Tanjiro.
When do you feel your emotions strongly?
Well...
I don't really understand, maybe I
made you remember something sad.
I'm sorry.
I believe you can do it.
Thank you.
By performing Repetitive Action,
I can instantly heighten my concentration
to the utmost limit at any time.
My Repetitive Action begins with
imagining the faces of my loved ones.
Then, recalling Rengoku's words.
"Set your heart ablaze."
I hope I can manifest this state
of darker mark longer.
Oh! Gonpachiro!
He even starts training
at this hour before dawn.
His stamina might not last a day.
I won't lose to him!
I couldn't do it at first, but...
Now exert my full strength
from Repetitive Action.
Over and over again.
As I repeated them,
my body started to remember.
Remember the process of exerting
full strength from Repetitive Action!
For real?
He did it! Tanjiro pushed the boulder!
Shit! He beat me!
He's a monster.
What is he plotting?
Now, what am I going to do?
What do you look like, Ubuyashiki?
The flame that burns heaven
Truer than the truth
The voice of prayers and
the sounds of shouting
Are fleeting like winged insects
Why do those who devour lives
Beg mercy as if not knowing impurity
Those souls that win through
the darkness can only reach
Obtain that eternity
There's a feeling here that
doesn't know demise
Speak your dream, you strong one
A resound congratulating
tune of eternity
Into the light that governs the sky
In the corner of the world that is messy
A blade of a sword that
still wriggles and resists
Grovels and struggles miserably
This time I'll tell you about Himejima.
What's wrong, Himejima?
What a happy family.
Huh?
It's time for the Taisho period secret.
Himejima cries easily.
It seems he cries just from
seeing litter scattered around.
Namu... Cats are cute.
Look, he cries again.
Next up on Episode 7:
"Gyomei Himejima the Stone Hashira"
(To be continued)